benefits

Single UI development framework with all the necessary tools for development and deployment under one umbrella from Sencha.
ExtJS is Object Oriented Components framework which make it easy to create reusable components and use across modules and applications.
Complete and Robust
Wide library of components and plugins
Easy Development, debugging and Maintenance
Good Code Readability
In-house JSUnit testing framework which is easy to integrate with build.
 Better documents and Samples


Business case
Build a RUI Portal  which will replace the Mainframe EMT system
        1. List the outstanding voluntary corporate action events of all of JP               Morgan clients’ SWAP positions.
        2. Create new Events, add new options, allow users to submit Preferences
        3. Show Total Qty, Traded Qty, unbalanced Qty for each of the accounts.
        4. Generate reports and email for approved events.
        5. Let user to export as excel all the events and preferemces .
Implement best in class JavaScript unit testing and automate the ExtJS Sencha CMD build with Maven.
Adhere to the JPM codding standards S3 static scan with score  < 0.004, Sonar Qube  report(no blocker and critical issues), Black DECK etc
Deliver solutions  using emerging UI  and Java technologies  which complies to the JPM list of approved technology stack.
Create reusable UI and Java components  which can be used across applications

Highlites
Built as a robust SPA using ExtJS 4, Spring and REST services 
Created custom reusable ExtJS UI excel export plugin component which can be used by other ExtJS applications.
Implemented Jasmin JavaScript unit testing and JSHint JavaScript code checking tool
Implemented Sencha CMD build and automated the build process as part of the maven build.
Improved the performance of the application by offloading the page load data by differing some data based on business use.
Built as Test driven development environment by using Mockito, JUnit and integrated to Jenkins build.

Business Benefits
SPA simplifies the web navigation and provides a single dashboard application for user to perform all the functions, create event, Submit preferences , approve, reject and close.
The rich grids provides filtering, excel export, inline edit of account to submit preferences which is quick and responsive.
Customization of look and feel using central theme and inline with JPMM.
RIA portal framework with fast rendering and easy navigations.


